Add new event category and eScience social event (#938)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _events/2022/2022-10-escience-social.md

---
title: "eScience: Post-Workshop Dinner"
subtitle: "Join other RSEs in Salt Lake City following the RSEs in eScience workshop"
location: TBD, Salt Lake City, UT
expires: 2022-10-12
event_date: "October 11, 2022"
layout: event
repeated: false
category: social
time:
    - - start: 2022-10-12T00:00:00Z
        end: 2022-10-12T02:00:00Z
---

The Outreach working group has two questions for you:

- Are you in the Salt Lake City area?
- Are you going to the [18th International Conference for eScience](https://www.escience-conference.org/2022/), taking place this year in Salt Lake City, UT?

If you answered _Yes_ to either question, we invite you to join your fellow
RSEs at a to-be-determined location for a meal and conversation.

> We will be meeting at 6PM Mountain Time following the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be meeting at 6 PM Mountain Time following the
```
